{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa200

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 Part I: Please provide the following information:\uc0\u8232 Name of your game\
	The name of my game is RUN. (Even though, in the final product, it\'92s more of a walk\'85)\
\uc0\u8232 One paragraph description, or "teaser" text to introduce your game. Be imaginative. It should set the context and encourage someone to want to play your game.\
	The bombing of a government lab releases a mysterious gas, transforming nearby citizens into zombies. Those remaining that have not been effected by the toxin are currently taking refuge in a shelter. Having called in sick with a terrible cough, you, fortunately, weren\'92t present during the disaster. However, because you work at the lab, you have the solution to prevent the transformation, which you now have to deliver to the shelter to protect your city\'92s people.\
	Get to the shelter (the blue dot) without touching any zombies (the red dots).\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Part II: In a concise, thoughtful reflection, please address the following prompts:\u8232 \u8232 Tell the story of the process of writing your Meggy game.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}What was difficult? What was surprising?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}There were many aspects of this game that I found difficult, as we haven\'92t learned about two-dimensional arrays in class. However, I\'92m going to have to say that the most difficult part was figuring out how to display the array.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The most surprising part of making this game was how easy it was to program the use of the buttons. I really overthought the solution, but that in the end, it turned out programming the buttons\'92 actions was the easiest part.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Please describe how collaboration with others (classmates, teachers, friends) enhanced your building of this game.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}To be honest, I didn\'92t get much (if any) help from my classmates, as my game was much different from theirs. I did get a ton of help from Mr. Kiang, though.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Any bugs or stuff that doesn't quite work right? Please explain in detail, as well as what thoughts you have about what might be wrong. Be specific.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The only bug I can think of is the way my game displays random blinking colors outside of the maze. I think these dots are just there because I haven\'92t programed anything to be displayed outside of the maze. I assume I will be able to fix this by adding a bunch of blank spaces around the border of my array. However, I remember a classmate thinking it was funny, so I\'92ve decided to keep them there.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}If you had more time to work on this project, what features might you add? What would make this game even better?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}If I had more time to work on this project, I would definitely change it to be a real-time game. Because it took me so long to actually get started, though, I have not been able to find the time to do so.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}What did this game teach you about programming? About game design? About Life In General?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}This game taught me that programming is something learned best through experience. Which is why creating our final projects was so challenging: we kind of just dove right in. It also taught me how hard it is to make a decent game design in an unfamiliar language, as I don\'92t find my game to be very exciting. These lessons tie back to life because in life, you need to experience both failure and success to fully understand what to do.\
}